Hey, Little Wolf.
This is an artifact of the Warring States period.
I see your working hours.
I'm afraid I have to delay a bit.
Oh little curved eyes
You discover important archaeological sites and announce new dates.
Closed indefinitely
Is this against the rules?
He said this was an antique from the Warring States period.
Is this a must?
Yes, sir.
That's the number of the century judge in the Expo culture.
Is it possible that what the great master said is false?
This girl.
Do you want to prevent me from practicing the Dharma?
We naturally do not dare to stop La Cu from enforcing the law.
But before we announce the results
Would you like to clear things up?
The truth is here.
Anything else unclear?
Is it clear? We have to wait for our people to confirm before speaking.
Your people, come here.
You know?
Yes, Zhang Xudong cured my leg.
So I came to return the favor.
But...
The feud between President Trieu and the Tham family has nothing to do with me.
Today I am only interested in treasure.
No other problems